this video could be a good reminder
video about how Leen actually works
whether you're talking about an agency
or any other kind of business that deals
with leads which is about 66% of all
businesses and the other 33% are
products the entire lead generation
funnel is one big cohesive system
they're not individual parts so we have
six main things that we need to worry
about we have the top of the funnel the
middle of the funnel
the bottom of the funnel the website the
sales process and the
offers
and we cannot think of these things as
six separate things even though I just
listed them off like that they aren't
six different pieces they're all pieces
of one big system and if we don't think
of it that way we're not going to get
the results that we're trying to get so
let's just list out some of the things
for the top of the funnel the purpose is
to drive traffic there's four main ways
to do that we have paid ads we have
content we have Outreach and we have
Partnerships in the middle of the funnel
you're typically going to have a landing
page with a form on it they opt into
that they're going to get a free lead
magnet they're going to be redirected to
your thank you page where they can see
some of your offers and they'll start
getting your email flows because they're
going to be automatically added to those
when they download the lead magnet in
the bottom of the funnel there's a few
different ways we can basically qualify
the leads we're getting in the middle of
the funnel and then you know push them
further down to a call we have digital
products we have webinars we have live
workshops we have groups we have
newsletters we have content we have
appointment Setters and then we have
some sort of book a call you know call
to action type stuff on our website we
need to have a vssl we need to have
testimonials we need to have review
we need to have some free content and
I'm also going to connect or consider
search results as part of our website
when we're in Google and someone's
searching us we better show up for
LinkedIn Twitter Instagram YouTube
website reviews all that kind of stuff
and one of the best things to do is put
your company name inside your LinkedIn
profile your Twitter profile your
YouTube so mine would be Matthew Larson
a000x leads if we go to the sales
process next we have a few different
parts we have the pre-call flow we have
the sales presentation we have the
actual sales call and then we have the
follow-up and then for our offers
because we need to have something for
everyone we have our intro offer we have
our recurring service we have our
digital product our affiliate links our
referral fees our course and our program
so those are the types of things we need
to have for our agency and all of them
them are interconnected and part of one
big system so now that I've listed them
all let's go to the top we have paid ads
we have content we have Outreach and we
have Partnerships if we think about it
logically like these things work
together just at the top of the funnel
not including anywhere else so who do
you think is going to be more likely to
get a response for their Outreach
someone who has seen your paid ads has
seen your content and follows you and
consumes it and know some of your
partners on your website or someone who
just receives your cold email and has
never heard of you before it's very
obvious the first one's going to get
more responses who do you think is going
to get a better cost per link click and
a higher clickthrough rate for their
paid ads someone who has a bare profile
or someone if they click on your ad and
see your profile you have tons of
content and tons of followers and all
that kind of stuff of course the profile
with content it's the exact same thing
with every step of the funnel where you
need to have multip paths to drive
traffic down and multiple different
options and then that is what gets the
we'll call it a flywheel going for you
who's going to do better someone who has
one lead magnet that solves one problem
or someone who has six to 12 lead
magnets with each solving a different
problem in their Niche so if I had a
YouTube agency which YouTube agency is
going to do better the one who just has
a guide on how to make thumbnails or the
one who has a guide on how to make
thumbnails and then come up with IDE
ideas and scripts and how to edit and
how to speak on camera and how to set up
their camera and lights and how to set
up their audio and how to read analytics
it's obvious multiple different
conversion paths who's going to do a
better job at qualifying leads and
getting them to go further down the
funnel someone who has no conversion
mechanisms no bottom of funnel or
someone who has a webinar they can sign
up for or weekly live workshops they can
attend or someone whose appointments
that is going to reach out to them or
someone who's going to send that five
times per week newsletter and make those
five times per week YouTube videos it's
obvious and then who's going to have a
better website those who just have a
simple website that looks like everybody
else's or those who have a vssl video
testimonials more free content written
testimonials case studies all that kind
of stuff and then who's going to make
more money someone who just has their
main recurring service which 99% of the
target market isn't a good fit for or
can afford
or someone who has an irresistible intro
offer where they can try you out you can
get your foot in the door and then
upsell them later or if they can't
afford that you can send them to your
course or your program or a digital
product or if they don't need your
service or they need some more stuff in
addition to your service you can refer
them away and collect a fee all of this
stuff works together to make a very
profitable agency or any B2B business
and a lot of people have maybe 5% of the
things that I said above if that it's
it's all how it works together and it's
better to have a three out of 10 in
terms of quality of everything I just
listed then 10 out of 10 quality for
five of the things I listed and then not
have the rest of course it would be
better to have 10 out of 10 quality for
everything but if you can do that that's
how you make a million dollar per month
agency so I hope this video is helpful
and I hope it serves as a good recap of
how everything works together because a
lot of people will come into our
Consulting programs or the people I do
one-on-one Consulting with and say no I
don't really think I need to do that you
need to do everything that's what you
know people don't want you to believe if
they if you hear someone saying you
should stick to one channel or do one
thing and then you know only do that and
master that they're either stupid or
they're trying to sell you something so
I hope this was valuable and I'll see
you in the next video